privacy-policy.mdx, before:

---
title: Privacy Policy
sidebarPosition: 1
slug: /privacy-policy
---

**Last Updated:** May 20, 2025

Parcel Tracer provides a logistics platform composed of two primary components:

- **Parcel Tracer Mobile App** – used by delivery drivers to manage and confirm deliveries.
- **Parcel Tracer Web App** – used by delivery companies and merchants to manage orders and track deliveries.

This Privacy Policy describes how Parcel Tracer collects, uses, and protects information across both platforms.

---

## 1. Information We Collect

### Mobile App (Driver-Facing)

The Parcel Tracer mobile app does **not collect personal information directly** from drivers. All accounts are created by the delivery company admin via the web platform.

**Data processed:**

- **Phone Number** – used only for login (assigned by the delivery company).
- **Order & Invoice Data** – used to display and update delivery statuses.
- **QR Code Scans** – used to confirm delivery.
- **Device Info** (non-personal) – may be used for diagnostics.

### Web App (Admin & Merchant-Facing)

Used by delivery companies and merchants to manage logistics.

**Data collected:**

- **User Account Info** – name, phone number, and role (admin, merchant, driver).
- **Order Details** – source address, destination address, customer name and phone number.
- **Address Processing** – district and city may be detected using OpenAI LLM for delivery improvement.
- **Invoices and Logs** – for operational and reporting purposes.

---

## 2. How We Use the Information

Parcel Tracer uses collected data to:

- Authenticate users via their assigned phone numbers.
- Manage orders, track deliveries, and send alerts.
- Improve address accuracy using AI-assisted detection.
- Maintain records for invoicing and analytics.
- Protect the security and integrity of the system.

> **We do not sell or share personal information** with advertisers or unrelated third parties.

---

## 3. Data Storage & Retention

- Data is stored securely in cloud infrastructure.
- Retained **for as long as required by the delivery company**.
- Data can be deleted on request by the delivery company admin.

---

## 4. User Account Management

- **All accounts are created by the delivery company admin.**
- End users (drivers, merchants) **cannot self-register**.
- Login is done via phone number provided by the company.

---

## 5. Use of Third-Party Services

Parcel Tracer uses **OpenAI's language model API** to help detect cities and districts in customer addresses. These requests are:

- Processed in real-time.
- Not stored or reused by OpenAI (per their API data usage policy).
- Used only to enhance delivery accuracy.

No other third-party services are used for tracking, analytics, or profiling.

---

## 6. Security

We take data protection seriously and apply safeguards such as:

- HTTPS encryption  
- Role-based access controls  
- Secure authentication  
- Monitoring and audit logging

---

## 7. Your Rights

- Delivery companies can request data deletion or export at any time.
- Users should contact their admin to request changes or deletions.

---

## 8. Contact Us

If you have questions about this policy or how we handle your data, contact:

**Parcel Tracer**  
**Email:** [info@parceltracer.app](mailto:info@parceltracer.app)

Commit message:

update privacy policy and logo

privacy-policy.mdx, after:

---
sidebar_position: 1
id: privacy-policy
slug: /privacy-policy
---

**Last Updated:** 20-05-2025

Parcel Tracer provides a logistics platform composed of two primary components:

- **Parcel Tracer Mobile App** – used by delivery drivers to manage and confirm deliveries, and by merchants to place and track orders.
- **Parcel Tracer Web App** – used by delivery companies and merchants to manage orders and track deliveries.

This Privacy Policy describes how Parcel Tracer collects, uses, and protects information across both platforms.

---

## 1. Data We Process

### A. Mobile App

#### I. Drivers

Parcel Tracer mobile app does **not collect personal information directly** from drivers. All accounts are created by the delivery company admin via the web platform.

**Data processed:**

- **Phone Number** – used only for login (assigned by the delivery company).
- **Order & Invoice Data** – used to display and update delivery statuses.
- **QR Code Scans** – used to confirm delivery.
- **Device Info** (non-personal) – may be used for diagnostics.

#### II. Merchants

Parcel Tracer mobile app does **not collect personal information directly** from merchants. All accounts are created by the delivery company admin via the web platform.

**Data processed:**

- **Phone Number** – used only for login with an OTP auth code.
- **Order & Invoice Data** – used to display and update delivery statuses.
- **Device Info** (non-personal) – may be used for diagnostics.

### B. Web App (Admin & Merchant-Facing)

Used by delivery companies and merchants to manage logistics.

**Data collected:**

- **User Account Info** – name, phone number, and role (admin, merchant, driver).
- **Order Details** – source address, destination address, customer name and phone number.
- **Address Processing** – district and city may be detected using OpenAI LLM for delivery improvement.
- **Invoices and Logs** – for operational and reporting purposes.

---

## 2. How We Use the Information

Parcel Tracer uses collected data to:

- Authenticate users via their assigned phone numbers.
- Manage orders, track deliveries, and send alerts.
- Improve address accuracy using AI-assisted detection.
- Maintain records for invoicing and analytics.
- Protect the security and integrity of the system.

**We do not sell or share personal information** with advertisers or unrelated third parties.

---

## 3. Data Storage & Retention

- Data is stored securely in cloud infrastructure.
- Retained **for as long as required by the delivery company**.
- Data can be deleted on request by the delivery company admin.

---

## 4. User Account Management

- **All accounts are created by the delivery company admin.**
- End users (drivers, merchants) **cannot self-register**.
- Login is done via phone number provided by the company.

---

## 5. Use of Third-Party Services

Parcel Tracer uses **OpenAI’s language model API** to help detect cities and districts in customer addresses. These requests are:

- Processed in real-time.
- Not stored or reused by OpenAI (per their API data usage policy).
- Used only to enhance delivery accuracy.

No other third-party services are used for tracking, analytics, or profiling.

---

## 6. Security

We take data protection seriously and apply safeguards such as:

- HTTPS encryption
- Role-based access controls
- Secure authentication
- Monitoring and audit logging

---

## 7. Your Rights

- Delivery companies can request data deletion or export at any time.
- Users should contact their admin to request changes or deletions.

---

## 8. Contact Us

If you have questions about this policy or how we handle your data, contact:

**Parcel Tracer**  
**Email:** info@parceltracer.app

---
